com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$color
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$integer
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$string
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitRatio
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] ActivityRule
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int icon_group
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_ttcIndex
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int normal
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontVariationSettings
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endY
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_6
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int compat_control_corner_material
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitMinWidth
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_26
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int ttcIndex
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$color: int ripple_material_light
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_vertical_material
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_31
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int Capability_shortcutMatchRequired
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitRatio
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int locale
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] GradientColor
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout: int notification_action
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int forever
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_30
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout: int custom_dialog
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_bg
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_listener
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_accessibility_heading
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int icon
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_secondaryActivityName
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int async
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_window_insets_animation_callback
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Title
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int secondaryActivityName
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_action_clickable_span
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_offset
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int shortcutMatchRequired
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitMinWidth
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endX
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] Capability
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_25
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_24
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int androidx_window_activity_scope
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderCerts
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_font
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int notification_background
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_font
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_tileMode
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int splitMinSmallestWidth
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontWeight
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_ttcIndex
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_height
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_horizontal_material
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int placeholderActivityName
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int ActivityRule_alwaysExpand
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int right_icon
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$color: int androidx_core_ripple_material_light
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_12
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_10
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_on_receive_content_mime_types
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Line2
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int alwaysExpand
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_gradientRadius
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderPackage
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startX
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: java.lang.String TAG
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_type
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_20
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int ltr
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderAuthority
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionContainer
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontStyle
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitMinSmallestWidth
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int text
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_8
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int splitLayoutDirection
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int compat_notification_large_icon_max_width
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_2
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int primaryActivityName
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontProviderCerts
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int activityName
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] GradientColorItem
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int font
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int time
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int title
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$color: int androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderQuery
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int info
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_accessibility_clickable_spans
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontProviderQuery
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerX
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_22
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_event_manager
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int clearTop
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] FontFamilyFont
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontStyle
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_13
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int dialog_button
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_17
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Info
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_on_apply_window_listener
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] SplitPairFilter
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_14
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int text2
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int secondaryActivityAction
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_9
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] SplitPairRule
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int action_text
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_placeholderActivityName
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_screen_reader_focusable
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_0
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_7
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_primaryActivityName
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_1
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_23
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerY
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_transition_group
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_finishPrimaryWithSecondary
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int line3
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int alpha
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_4
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_unhandled_key_listeners
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_finishSecondaryWithPrimary
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_endColor
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPlaceholderRule_splitLayoutDirection
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontProviderPackage
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int ActivityFilter_activityName
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int line1
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontStyle
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int blocking
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_27
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int Capability_queryPatterns
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int actions
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitLayoutDirection
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_18
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_16
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int ActivityFilter_activityAction
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int action_image
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_21
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startColor
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamily_fontProviderFetchTimeout
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int italic
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int notification_main_column
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_3
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] SplitPlaceholderRule
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontWeight
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_centerColor
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontProviderFetchStrategy
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int nestedScrollViewStyle
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int splitMinWidth
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_fontWeight
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style: int Widget_Compat_NotificationActionText
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_28
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int activityAction
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColorItem_android_color
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_19
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_clearTop
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] FontFamily
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int GradientColor_android_startY
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_15
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontProviderAuthority
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairRule_splitMinSmallestWidth
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int compat_button_inset_vertical_material
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_5
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontProviderSystemFontFamily
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int FontFamilyFont_android_fontVariationSettings
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int SplitPairFilter_secondaryActivityAction
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_accessibility_actions
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: int[] ActivityFilter
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style: int TextAppearance_Compat_Notification_Time
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int rtl
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int action_container
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int fontVariationSettings
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_29
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int action_divider
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_state_description
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int accessibility_custom_action_11
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: int compat_button_padding_horizontal_material
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int right_side
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int splitRatio
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int tag_accessibility_pane_title
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: int queryPatterns
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: int chronometer
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$styleable: R$styleable()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$string: R$string()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$style: R$style()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$attr: R$attr()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$integer: R$integer()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$color: R$color()
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: GeneratedPluginRegistrant()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$dimen: R$dimen()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$layout: R$layout()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R: R()
com.example.flutter_eldorfit.R$id: R$id()
io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant: void registerWith(io.flutter.embedding.engine.FlutterEngine)
